What is Selenium?

With more nations adopting globalization, the demand in the IT sector of our country is ramping up. A wide range of profession is developed in this sector and so the job opportunities for the IT experts are raised. There is no doubt to say that the IT sector is one of the leading fields that offer a decent pay to its workers. With diverse IT courses in today’s era, Selenium tutorial is gaining a lot of popularity nowadays. As per the recent surveys, thousands of job aspirants are looking for selenium training to gain technical knowledge without actually interrupting their daily schedule. Selenium is a convenient software testing structure for specific web applications and platform

Why is Selenium testing tool used?

Selenium automation testing tool is used by most of the companies to their product. In addition to offering a test domain specific language, selenium is especially known for providing a playback implement scripting language to record tests in multiple famous and high-level programming languages such as Java, Perl, C, PHP, Python, Scala, Ruby, and Groovy. This test can further be executed alongside the latest web browsers.

Selenium Training with Java:

In this Selenium with Java Training Course, you will learn the following Topics, We will Start from Basic Core Java Concepts like Data types, Operators, Control Statements, Classes, and Objects. Once Java Concepts have done we will Start to teach you the Selenium 3.3 Components like Selenium IDE, Selenium Webdriver, Environment Setup, Selenium Grid and also we Cover the Module Driven, Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid Frameworks in this Selenium Syllabus.

Selenium Training with Python:

In this Selenium with Python Training Course, Starting with Basic Python like Data types, Operators, File Operators, Functions, and Classes. After the basic python Concepts over, we will start to teach the Selenium Concepts. End of this Selenium Course you will learn how to do automation Testing with Selenium framework for web and mobile applications. Our Selenium training focused on Project-based Learning rather than theory Classes. End of this Selenium training you can easily test your web and Mobile Applications using Selenium with Appium.

Key Features 

We Offer Selenium Training in Chennai in more than 15+ branches with 10+ years Experienced Expert level Trainers. 

    A great number of real-life projects are worked upon under the mentorship of our expert faculty. The practical sessions boost the confidence of the trainees and enhance their skills
    The classroom lectures are interactive in nature which helps greatly to grasp concepts better
    The faculty is highly experienced and passionate in their fields. They believe in the quality teaching-learning process.
    Our training programmes are also available for working professionals.
    Mock interviews are conducted on one on one basis to prepare the trainees for job interviews
    Small batch sizes help the trainers to concentrate on each trainee better.
    We charge an ostensible amount for training in Selenium training. No trainee needs to shell out heavy fees to get quality training.
    Besant technologies are appraised as the Best Selenium training institute in Chennai. What makes us unique is our specialized services provided to all our trainees. 


About Our Selenium Trainers

The trainers at Besant Technologies are a subject specialist and Industry professionals providing in-depth study in Selenium course in Chennai. Learn Selenium a user-friendly Open Source automation testing tool with jobs in Chennai at Besant technologies. 

    We have a team of Automation Selenium Testing professionals holds enough experience to handle every segment of the Selenium Webdriver with a high level of expertise.
    Our trainers are good at providing logical and practical explanations of the topics Selenium 3.0 & 3.3 and its various components such as Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver, and Selenium GRID rather than focusing more on theory.
    Our trainers have good knowledge to handle the Selenium training using Java & Python at both the corporate and academic level.
    They can help the students to explore the subjects by providing freedom to think in different ways at every level of implementations, which builds confidence in students.
    They can get good exposure to the subject and became more innovative and dedicated to the subject. 
learn more : http://www.besanttechnologies.in/selenium-training-in-chennai.html
